scram
Ah!
This bottle of medicine can temporarily relieve your curse
As a spy of the demon race
Come back and swallow it every two months
Just let me go
Are you not afraid that I will run away?
Add the curse of bloodline
It's your soul that burns
I don't believe anyone can hit you
If I don't shake
How long can I live?
That's enough!
third brother
These things are called a few fillings to do
I think of myself
Experience the feeling of not knowing your own home
Oh, dear.
It's the children of a small family like yours
To do these boring things
Tieli
Talk to your third sister-in-law like this again
Just move out, move out
Again
It's also my idea not to buy people for the time being
I don't know among the people who bought it
Do you have any subordinates who send the concubine?
Even if it was sent by the National Car Administration
I'm not assured either.
That's true.
The third brother is really thoughtful
Ah!
Ha, this kind of thing should be done by us men, huh?
That's right.
Have you received the message sent to you?
I received it, but
What about the army sent to the imperial gate?
He didn't go far out of the city, so he was stationed in place
As expected by the third brother
They must have received instructions from the Ji family
Ready to preserve strength
East to East of the Demon
Should be bad news
Not really.
In fact, they were blocked by soldiers in Enron County